I only say one thing I say is nothing
and I'm more just saying about myself
beauty talks to the canal of the boleiros
liminal and ailson hazel be very well
come to another video here in our
channel in one more episode of
new fc top hat series
2015 of our beloved championship
Brazil and in the last round I They me
it was worth having climbed half
santos team
looks at the score of the black guy 91 point
four points here sensationalist
best score in the season until
now you're going to have to swallow me
and break even greatly increased my
equity is then a round
spectacular there for our team of
forever beauty flashlight
Let's check out guys here now .
what were the other myths come out of this
round
To start, let's see the first ones there.
in the round is who was the first team of the
our cdb games league in the first position
We got thirteen bucks with 114
points 52 points paradise there is on the second
slk position the fan was god
the good is crazy pear funk with 108
42% points and own thunder volts
p-47 with 106 points 92 points I stayed
in position 61 landscape the population has
been very high or stay between the 50
the 1st expensive than many people were
well our league
In the month of January, in the first position comes a
ei of sound and fc with 324 second class of
zé with 312 with 39 3º to miss walking
since 1996 with 311 points 37 points
beauty the guy was before he collided
makes it a very expensive myth of that in the
championship f
there with 1,185 points 24 points but look
Aidan is getting balanced
only scored with 1757 points 66 points 3rd place
alecgol fc with 1,138 points 64 points
and I'm in position 75 for whom
I wanted from among the first 100 to take
position 65 to reach between the 50
first in each of which will be the next
goal is that we come to 50
first let's wait and see
personal beauty now let's check the
my team here for this round to round
very good, the face because we give it to people
bet on many clubs there with a
certainty of a good result
first of all to say that I am
betting on the team of sport sim acho
that sport wins the Flemish by playing in
house is also the bet on the palm trees goes
to play against joinville and in sao paulo
that comes from a victory in the
Brazil, because neither is the team
ceará reserve in the decade was tense but
anyway just to get the win and I
I think it's packed too bet one
in the group there, the highlight is the
our goalkeeper danilo fernandes I do not
I'm sure if he's going to play yet
it's like doubt
I'll leave it until tomorrow if he
have as doubt the trunk here beauty
and if I go to change I'll put the
well the team is the
next danilo fernandes of the sport in the
goal
on the sides, egídio and rene luisa luiz
eduardo did not know the defender but
scored well in the rounds he played and
vitor hugo do cruzeiro the best of
palm trees my god, too, today in the
my field, that old girl, I admit
goose goose goose made for this
Let's see, there's going to be some development.
thing and diego souza cara diego souza e
setting up the game by the sport team
no rafael attack marques alexandre duck
and moon is our trio is responsible for
swing the nets in this round by talking
in balancing the human networks I made six
goals in the last round was of more charge
and even a prize there and show it to you
huh
Coach Jorge, because I do not have
Then I put the coach of the
Basque yes
It's going to be glue that Basque can
to beat the guy is so myth that he
managed to make a negative score
being a connected coach is almost
impossible in the case the same team losing
rout usually gets it
but not the guy could do negative
which is myth but let's see there I won
this award here for the silver boot
because I made six goals in the round and
get this prize to retire
debts that is my useless is because everything
world can climb 12 players there
which are sponsored by adidas at last
a profile well on the team but what matters
It's what I got in the face, even being
worthless too worth it so this is it
Hey guys
Everyone is enjoying the video, I do not know
forget to leave that I liked it
to help spread the word here
share on social networks
and if you have not yet been enrolled in
our channel sign up very well
coming to more videos there that are coming
both of the top hat counts also of other
games ok
remembering that the people who follow me at
twitter already learned about the
even before the loyal video alone and waiting
stay connected and everything that rolls here in
Follow me on twitter twitter and
Instagram
the link is in the description ok until
next good class for you earned and
went